System breakdown:

## AIR
1. The hud will contain a meter which tracks the player's current air supply.
2. Air will drain at a fixed rate while the player is not moving.
3. For each movement action taken, the rate at which air depletes will increase slightly for a short amount of time.
4. Air can be replenished by placing the characters head above the water level in an air pocket
5. If the player runs out of air, the character dies, the player gets a gameover, and the dead character will leave a corpse behind to be found on subsequent attempts.
6. Depending on the current %value of the air meter, the character's buoyancy will change. At full air, the character will be positively buoyant at an acceleration of 0.5m/s^2, scaling all the way to the inverse at 1% air.

## MOVEMENT
1. Because we're planning to use a ragdoll/physics based movement system, the way that the character moves may be technically complex. I'll try to elucidate the design of it here.
	- The ragdoll will be made up of a tree of "bones" rooted at the head.
	- Using the left mouse button, the ragdoll will attempt to orient it's body in a "standing" configuration (all limbs in normal relaxed positions) in the direction of the player cursor.
	- Using either Q/E will attempt to kick with the associated leg. As the button is held, the character will draw their leg backward, and when it is released, they will kick that leg forward.
	- These kicks will not attribute velocity directly to the rigidbody of the player character, instead, they will generate forces that, depending on the angle of the legs, the position of the body, the friction of surrounding terrain, may generate different amounts of motion.
	- Because the kicks may be small or large, and are affected by body position, the amount of movement generated by a kick can vary widely depending on circumstance.
	- The intended pattern, given the charge time for full strength kicks, is for players to get into a rhythm, charging one leg while the other is kicking. If the player kicks with both legs simultaneously, we should make sure that only the force of one kick is being applied.
	- If the player attempts a series of small kicks in quick succession with the same leg, or if they refuse to use the other leg, we should gradually reduce the maximum charge the leg can hold, and increase the amount of time it takes to charge. This amount will go down naturally over time.
2. The only "simple" part of the movement system is the flashlight. It will be permanently attached to the "hand" of the ragdoll. As the player moves the cursor around the screen, the character will attempt to direct the flashlight in the direction of the cursor. The flashlight should have a relatively shallow beam, something like 10-15 degrees.
3. Movement will be affected by buoyancy, terrain (friction will play a factor), and the orientation of the character's body (kicks most effective when the body is fully elongated.)

## MARKINGS (Glowsticks)
1. Glowsticks come in two flavors: Green and Red
2. The player can choose between the colors with the scroll wheel.
3. The currently selected color will be visible in the player's other hand.
4. When RMB is pressed, the player begins to charge up a toss. On release, depending on time held, the glowstick is thrown some distance toward the cursor.
5. These glowsticks are PERMANENT, getting saved to level data, so that they can be seen again on subsequent runs.
